Version Control-

Comparing versions in the console.

Viewing the difference between two versions in the terminal is a quick way to
find the bug in a file.
Mac: navigate to the files using terminal
      "diff -u OLD_FILE.XXX NEW_FILE.XXX" --> enter
Now the code will be compared.

How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Because it returns lines of code that do no match. At that point you just
    have to look for the differences or typos between a few lines as opposed
    to the entire document.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Because you can see the evolution of the project and discover how the
    project arrived at a particular state. You can also see who made the change
    and when.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Manual-
    Pros:
    You can commit at logical intervals based on the work you are doing.
    Cons:
    You might forget and wait to long or make to many updates before a commit.
    Auto-
    Pros:
    You don't have to think about when to save.
    Cons:
    It will likely save at awkward intervals and the commit won't be logical.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because the files that Git handles are part of a repository, meaning they
    are related in some way.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log shows the commits made with each commit's ID and message. Using
    git diff you can compare one commit to another and see the insertions
    and deletions.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Because you know you will be able to return to a previous version.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    To create and manage my own website.
